PMM-15151: make PG and ClickHouse operators watch all namespaces (#868)
percona/percona-helm-charts: charts/pmm-ha-dependencies/templates/NOTES.txt

  ✓ PostgreSQL Operator (Percona Distribution)
{{- end }}

🌐 SCOPE: These operators watch ALL namespaces, so this chart is installed once per cluster.
   Any pmm-ha instance, in any namespace, is reconciled by them - you do not install this

>    chart again for a second namespace.

Author: Right — it contradicts the opt-out this same PR documents at `README.md:117-119`. Fixed in ac33e22:
the SCOPE block now derives the message from the values, warning per operator when
`pg-operator.watchAllNamespaces` is false or `WATCH_NAMESPACES` is not `.*`, and only claiming
cluster-wide otherwise.

Rendered all four combinations (defaults, pg narrowed, ClickHouse narrowed, both) plus a null-value
check on the subchart keys.

📚 Documentation: https://docs.percona.com/percona-monitoring-and-management/

⚠️  UNINSTALL ORDER: When uninstalling, remove pmm-ha FIRST, then pmm-ha-dependencies.
    Because the operators are cluster-wide, uninstalling this chart stops reconciliation for

>     EVERY namespace on the cluster. Check for other instances first: helm list -A -f pmm-ha

Reviewer: Same `helm list -f` issue as `charts/pmm-ha-dependencies/README.md:40` — it filters on release name, so it misses any instance not named `pmm-ha`.

For NOTES output the jq pipeline is probably more than you want on one line; pointing at the chart column is enough here:

```suggestion
    EVERY namespace on the cluster. Check the CHART column of `helm list -A` for other
    pmm-ha instances first - they may not be named "pmm-ha".
```
